chapter 6 simulation so like a freaking
audiobook now since I could ahead for
the meeting point after Sakura impose
Naruto that a new team member has been
found it turns out that the new member
is Sai the person that are two fought
earlier Naruto obviously is pleased with
the new squat link with a bit of concern
the new squad leader Yamato starts the
meeting basically this pie is planning
to meet Sasori at the Tenchi bridge I'll
transform myself into society it
approaches PI I want you all to be on
standby until I give you the signal diet
Sakura is the only one here who's gone
toe-to-toe with assaulting it will be
helpful if you could fill in any blanks
about his personality speech patterns
mother s or quirks based on what we just
talked about although I generally don't
do this very often I'm having doubts
about dollar to incise teamwork skills
now we will devote half a day to t 2 18
plan simulation it will be important for
you to know your squad main strategies
and battlestar you might think I'm being
too conscious but this is how I do
things
let's start with auditor on the orphans
and size coming in passaporte begin oh
my god Haiti no I so I hand what the
fuck I just found
that's it here I go
that's over sigh why are you attacking
me to do something about this it's
impractical to fire wall covering for
your shortcomings say what now now no
next we'll try it out with side on the
office ananta on the support side why do
I have to partner with this guy begin
alright so let's see how cycles well
size of the map is that
all right I'll suicide special please
you guys enjoy
good job site all right that's the end
of the simulation side don't you know
what the work comrade is of course I do
what of it please don't believe others
for your own short coming ah that's it
I've had it I hate you this is not going
to work
four pillar prison jutsu it I really
toss you guys into the cell if I keep
fighting ah Leah may not that I prefer
the calling and gentle approach but i'm
not against controlling you by Steve
either you to coop you to cool your head
in there until it's time to go I wonder
what's a ski will done will he have
fought while covering you he's a team
Kakashi comrade to you right if you call
someone who betray his village and hurt
you it comrade I did to say that comrade
I'll take whatever it takes I'll even
team up with you ha oh my god okay then
guys this was the end of I forgot to
check them ready this was the end of
this chapter so nice and you follow us
next time in an alley exciting episode
of north of let's play naruto she put it
into this in two so laters